## Inspiration- We wanted to create a product that would bridge the sustainability information gap between shoppers and companies.## What it does- Our site gives shoppers the knowledge they need in order to make sustainable fashion choices. ## How we built it- Using our knowledge of sustainable fashion followed by further research, we gathered the information necessary to implement our site. Then, using various web languages including PHP, MYSQL, HTML,  and Javascript, we built a platform with which to spread our knowledge. ## Challenges we ran into- Finding accurate and thorough data about current recycling and manufacturing processes. While also sorting through the data and picking proper end uses and what those end uses mean for sustainability.## Accomplishments that we're proud of- Getting a full night’s sleep Saturday night!! ## What we learned- We learned about the complex but fruitful relationship that can occur when students come together to work across disciplinary lines. In this case, using knowledge from fashion, economics, environmental science, and -perhaps most importantly- computer science. ## What's next for Responsible Closet- Connecting with fashion companies so that we can have first source data about manufacturing processes and materials. We would implement a code system that they could print on the tag and the consumer would be able to look the code up on the app while shopping. This would also allow us to factor in information about fair wages in factories and potential zero waste designs when calculating company sustainability ratings.